readme.md, before:

## [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problemset/algorithms/)

[![lang](https://img.shields.io/badge/lang-java%2012-brightgreen.svg)]()
[![ide](https://img.shields.io/badge/ide-IntelliJ%20IDEA-brightgreen.svg)]()
[![maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/maven-3.6.0-brightgreen.svg)]()


| #    | Title   | Solution                    | Difficulty                        | Acceptance |
|:----:|:--------|:---------------------------:|-----------------------------------|------------|
| 0001 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0001) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0002 | [Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0002) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0003 | [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0003) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0004 | [Median of Two Sorted Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0004) | Hard | Accepted |
| 0005 | [Longest Palindromic Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0005) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0007 | [Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0007) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0008 | [String to Integer (atoi)](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0008) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0009 | [Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0009) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0013 | [Roman to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0013) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0014 | [Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0014) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0020 | [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0020) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0021 | [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0021) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0026 | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0026) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0027 | [Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0027) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0028 | [Implement strStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0028) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0035 | [Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0035) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0038 | [Count and Say](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-and-say/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0038) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0043 | [Multiply Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/multiply-strings/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0043) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0053 | [Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0053) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0058 | [Length of Last Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0053) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0066 | [Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0066) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0067 | [Add Binary](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0067) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0069 | [Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0069) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0070 | [Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0070) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0073 | [Set Matrix Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/set-matrix-zeroes/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0073) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0076 | [Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/) | Solution | Hard | Wrong Answer |
| 0083 | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0083) | Easy | Accepted |
| **0084** | [Largest Rectangle in Histogram](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-rectangle-in-histogram/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0084) | Hard | Accepted |
| 0088 | [Merge Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0088) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0100 | [Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0100) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0101 | [Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0101) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0104 | [Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0104) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0209 | [Minimum Size Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0209) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0415 | [Add Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-strings/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0415) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0709 | [To Lower Case](https://leetcode.com/problems/to-lower-case/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0709) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0771 | [Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0771) | Easy | Accepted |
| 1013 | [Partition Array Into Three Parts With Equal Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/partition-array-into-three-parts-with-equal-sum/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_1013) | Easy | Accepted |
| **1018** | [Binary Prefix Divisible By 5](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-prefix-divisible-by-5/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_1018) | Easy | Accepted |
| 1021 | [Remove Outermost Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-outermost-parentheses/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_1021) | Easy | Accepted |

Github

Commit message:

add [1022.Sum of Root To Leaf Binary Numbers]

readme.md, after:

## [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problemset/algorithms/)

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-12-brightgreen.svg)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/ide-IntelliJ%20IDEA-brown.svg)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/maven-3.6.0-coral.svg)

| #    | Title   | Solution                    | Difficulty                        | Acceptance |
|:----:|:--------|:---------------------------:|-----------------------------------|------------|
| 0001 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0001) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0002 | [Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0002) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0003 | [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0003) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0004 | [Median of Two Sorted Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0004) | Hard | Accepted |
| 0005 | [Longest Palindromic Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-substring/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0005) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0007 | [Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0007) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0008 | [String to Integer (atoi)](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0008) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0009 | [Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0009) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0013 | [Roman to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0013) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0014 | [Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0014) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0020 | [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0020) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0021 | [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0021) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0026 | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0026) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0027 | [Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0027) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0028 | [Implement strStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0028) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0035 | [Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0035) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0038 | [Count and Say](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-and-say/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0038) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0043 | [Multiply Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/multiply-strings/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0043) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0053 | [Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0053) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0058 | [Length of Last Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0053) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0066 | [Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0066) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0067 | [Add Binary](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0067) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0069 | [Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0069) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0070 | [Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0070) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0073 | [Set Matrix Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/set-matrix-zeroes/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0073) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0076 | [Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/) | Solution | Hard | Wrong Answer |
| 0083 | [Remove Duplicates from Sorted List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0083) | Easy | Accepted |
| **0084** | [Largest Rectangle in Histogram](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-rectangle-in-histogram/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0084) | Hard | Accepted |
| 0088 | [Merge Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0088) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0100 | [Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0100) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0101 | [Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0101) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0104 | [Maximum Depth of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0104) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0209 | [Minimum Size Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0209) | Medium | Accepted |
| 0415 | [Add Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-strings/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0415) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0709 | [To Lower Case](https://leetcode.com/problems/to-lower-case/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0709) | Easy | Accepted |
| 0771 | [Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_0771) | Easy | Accepted |
| 1013 | [Partition Array Into Three Parts With Equal Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/partition-array-into-three-parts-with-equal-sum/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_1013) | Easy | Accepted |
| **1018** | [Binary Prefix Divisible By 5](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-prefix-divisible-by-5/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_1018) | Easy | Accepted |
| 1021 | [Remove Outermost Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-outermost-parentheses/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_1021) | Easy | Accepted |
| 1022 | [Sum of Root To Leaf Binary Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-root-to-leaf-binary-numbers/) | [Solution](src/main/java/LeetCode_1022) | Easy | Accepted |

[Github](https://github.com/qwhai)
